First, here are all of the stopwords, none of which should make it through if yesStop is selected.

a an and are as at be by for from has he in is it its of on that the
to was were with

Next here are some words that are described in the stemming rules as having particular values after stemming. If you use porterStem in the command line, you can see if you get the right results (see the description of Porter).

stresses gaps gas ties cries stress agreed feed fished pirating
falling dropping hoping ated owing oringly being sheded shreded raping
trapper hoping bided boxed bowing bedsed cry by say

1Bonus   2small	      	   3test  4here.    Lots of spaces, but the number-words should appear with nothing between them.

Finally, the rest of the text is designed to stress your fancy tokenizer. 


Early examples of abbreviation in English (Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acronym_and_initialism) which you might find at IP address 198.35.26.96 and/or https://198.35.26.96 and/or/perhaps some-thing abso-frigging-lutely amazing!!

1.0) The use of Latin and Neo-Latin terms in vernaculars has been pan-European and predates modern English. Some examples of initialisms in this class are:
    
  a) A.M. (from Latin ante meridiem, "before noon") and P.M. (from Latin post meridiem, "after noon")
    
  b) A.D. (from Latin Anno Domini, "in the year of our Lord") (whose complement in English, B.C., is English-sourced)

  c) A. D. should remain two words; prof's addition 4 loads-of-fun. as in 4-5 or +3.1415+-0.002 and so on

2.0 O.K., a term of disputed origin, dating back at least to the early 19th century, now used around the world

3.1) n.g., for "no good," from 1838, nowadays commonly expanded to "n.b.g." (no bloody good)

4) The etymology of the word alphabet itself comes to Middle English from the Late Latin Alphabetum, which in turn derives from the Ancient Greek Alphabetos, from alpha and beta, the first two letters of the Greek alphabet. Colloquially, learning the alphabet is called learning one's A.B.C.'s. 
